#Final: Question 4

Enhancing the Blog to support viewers liking certain comments
In this problem, you will be enhancing the blog project to support users liking certain comments and the like counts showing up the in the permalink page.
Start by downloading the code in final4.zip and posts.json from the Download Handout link and loading up the blog dataset posts.json. The user interface has already been implemented for you. It's not fancy. The /post URL shows the like counts next to each comment and displays a Like button that you can click on. That Like button POSTS to the /like URL on the blog, makes the necessary changes to the database state (you are implementing this), and then redirects the browser back to the permalink page.
This full round trip and redisplay of the entire web page is not how you would implement liking in a modern web app, but it makes it easier for us to reason about, so we will go with it.
Your job is to search the code for the string "XXX work here" and make the necessary changes. You can choose whatever schema you want, but you should note that the entry_template makes some assumptions about the how the like value will be encoded and if you go with a different convention than it assumes, you will need to make some adjustments.
It is possible to solve this problem by putting NOTHING in one of the XXX spots and adding only a SINGLE LINE to the other spot to properly increment the like count. If you decide to use a different schema than the entry_template is expecting, then you will likely to work in both spots. The validation script does not look at the database. It looks at the blog.
The validation script, validate.py, will fetch your blog, go to the first post's permalink page and attempt to increment the vote count. You run it as follows:
python validate.py
Remember that the blog needs to be running as well as Mongo. The validation script takes some options if you want to run outside of localhost.
After you have gotten it working, enter the validation string below.

def increment_likes(self, permalink, comment_ordinal):

        #
        # XXX Final exam
        # Work here. You need to update the num_likes value in the comment being liked
        #
        try:
		last_error = self.posts.update( {'permalink': permalink}, {'$inc': {"comments." + str(comment_ordinal) + ".num_likes": 1}}, upsert=False )

		return last_error['n']

	except:
		print "Could not increment the number of likes"
		print "Unexpected error: ", sys.exc_info()[0]


        return 0





#Answer : 3f837hhg673ghd93hgf8

